docs: relative base path (#18355)
vitejs/vite: docs/guide/build.md

For advanced base path control, check out [Advanced Base Options](#advanced-base-options).

### Relative base

> If you don't know the base path in advance, you may set a relative base path with `"base": "./"` or `"base": ""`. This will make all generated URLs to be relative from each files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't know the base path in advance, you may set a relative base path with `"base": "./"` or `"base": ""`. This will make all generated URLs to be relative to each file.
```
